Malek's Law: Any simple idea will be worded in the most complicated way.
Any simple theory will be worded in the most complicated way.
Barr's Inertial Principle: Asking scientists to revise their theory is like asking cops to revise the law.
Bassagordian's Basic Principle and Ultimate Axiom: By definition, when you are investigating the unknown, you do not know what you will find or even when you have found it.
Bowie's Theorem: If an experiment works, you must be using the wrong equipment.
Campbell's Law: Nature abhors a vacuous experimenter.
Darwin's Law: Nature will tell you a direct lie if she can.
Discovery: A couple of months in the laboratory can frequently save a couple of hours in the library.
Eddington's Theory: The number of different hypotheses erected to explain a given biological phenomenon is inversely proportional to the available knowledge.
Einstein's Observation: Inasmuch as the mathematical theorems are related to reality, they are not sure; inasmuch as they are sure, they are not related to reality.
Felson's Law: To steal ideas from one person is plagiarism; to steal from many is research.
Fett's Law of the Lab: Never replicate a successful experiment.
Finagle's Creed: Science is Truth. Don't be misled by facts.
Mark Twain's Rule: Only kings, editors, and people with tapeworms have the right to use the editorial 'we.'
Murphy's Societal Axiom: There is nothing more dangerous than good intentions combined with stupidity.
Murphy's Statement on the Power of Negative Thinking: It is impossible for an optimist to be pleasantly surprised.
Never do card tricks for the group you play poker with.
Never judge a man till you have walked a mile in his shoes, 'cuz by then, he's a mile away, you've got his shoes, and you can say whatever the hell you want to.
Newberry's Observation: The universal aptitude for ineptitude makes any human accomplishment an incredible miracle.
Nolan's Observation: The difference between smart people and dumb people isn't that smart people don't make mistakes. They just don't keep making the same mistake over and over again.
Nolan's Placebo: An ounce of image is worth a pound of performance.
Nothing is fool-proof to a sufficiently talented fool.
Nothing is impossible for anyone impervious to reason
Parker's Law: Beauty is only skin deep, but ugly goes clean to the bone.
Paulsen's Rule: Enter a purported contest and be on the sponsor's sucker list for life.
Peter's Perfect-People Palliative: Each of us is a mixture of good qualities and some (perhaps) not-so-good qualities. In considering our fellow people, we should remember their good qualities and realize that their faults only prove that they are, after all, human. We should refrain from making harsh judgments of people just because they happen to be dirty, rotten, no-good sons-a-bitches.
Pohl's Law: Nothing is so good that somebody, somewhere, will not hate it.
Primary Rule of History: History doesn't repeat itself — historians merely repeat each other.
Quade's Law: In human relations the easiest thing to achieve is a misunderstanding.
Remember half the people you know are below average.
Rudin's Law: In a crisis that forces a choice to be made among alternative courses of action, people tend to choose the worst possible course.
Shaw's Principle: Build a system that even a fool can use, and only a fool will want to use it.
Si Perkins' "People Differ" Law: Some object to the fan dancer, other to the fan.
Siwiak's Rule: The only way to make something foolproof is to keep it away from fools.
Spark's Law of Irrepressible Use: If a person has something, they feel compelled to use it even though its use is unnecessary. Examples: The child who gets a hammer uses it. The person who gets authority will overexercise it.
Starr's Law: It's only the people who you don't know who know what they're doing.
Stewart's Law Of Retroaction: It is easier to get forgiveness than permission.
Burr's Law: You can fool some of the people all of the time and all of the people some of the time, and that's sufficient.
Cohen’s Law:  People are divided into two groups — the righteous and the unrighteous — and the righteous do the dividing.
Cutler Webster's Law: There are two sides to every argument, unless a person is personally involved, in which case there is only one.
Daggit's Declaration: The key to a totally open mind is total indifference.
Davidson's Law of Inquiry: People ask stupid questions for a reason.
Denniston's Law: Virtue is its own punishment.
DeVyver's Law: Given a sufficient number of people and an adequate amount of time, you can create insurmountable opposition to the most inconsequential idea.
Ducharm's Axiom: If you view a problem closely enough, you will recognize yourself as part of the problem.
Ferris' Frothing: Whatever their faults, the Communists never created canned laughter.
Finagle's Rule: Teamwork is essential. It allows you to blame someone else.
Finster's Law: A closed mouth gathers no feet.
First Law of Debate: Never argue with a fool — people might forget who's who.
Freivald's Law: Only a fool can reproduce another fool's work.
Glyme's Formula For Success: The secret of success is sincerity. Once you can fake that, you've got it made.
Grave's Law: As soon as you make something idiot-proof, along comes another idiot.
Green's Law Of Debate: Anything is possible if you don't know what you're talking about.
Half the population is below median intelligence. Well over half the population is above average. This is due to the fact that there is a limit to human intelligence, but no limit to human stupidity.
Harrison's Postulate: For every action, there is an equal and opposite criticism.
Hobson's Homily: Common sense is the least common of all senses.
Hodge's Homily: There comes a time in a man's life when he must rise above principle.
Howe's Law: Every man has a scheme that will not work.
Hurewitz's Memory Principle: The chance of forgetting something is directly proportional to ... to ...
If nobody measures up, check your yardstick.
If something is confidential, it will be left in the copier machine.
If there are two or more ways to do something, and one of those ways can result in a catastrophe, then someone will do it.
If there is a opinion, facts will be found to support it.
Iron Law of Distribution: Them that has, gets.
Jone's Law: Anyone who makes a significant contribution to any field of endeavor, and stays in that field long enough, becomes an obstruction to its progress — in direct proportion to the importance of the original contribution.
Jones's Law: The man who can smile when things go wrong has thought of someone he can blame it on.
Just remember that it takes forty-two muscles to frown and only four muscles to flip 'em the bird.
Kopcha's Rule: There is always one more son of a bitch than you counted on.
Lacopi's Law: After food and sex, man's greatest drive is to tell the other fellow how to do his job.
Law of Drunkenness: You can't fall off the floor.
Langsam’s Ornithological Axiom:  It’s difficult to soar with eagles when you work with turkeys.
Launegayer’s Observation:  Asking dumb questions is easier than correcting dumb mistakes.
Law of Personal Expertise: Just when you get really good at something, they don't need you to do it any more.
Law of Volunteer Labor: People are always available for work in the past tense.
A compromise is the art of dividing the cake in such a way that each one thinks he is getting the biggest piece.
A conclusion is simply the place where you got tired of thinking.
A coward is a hero with a wife, kids, and a mortgage.
A good sport has to lose to prove it.
A little help at the right time is better than a lot of help at the wrong time.
A person who can't lead and won't follow makes a dandy roadblock.
Where patience fails, force prevails.
"Anything dropped in the bathroom will fall in the toilet.
Heisenberg indetermination principle applied to ill luck: The better you know the amount of ill luck that will strike you,the worse you know when this will happen,and vice-versa.
Relativistic correction of Murphy's law:Whether things can go wrong or not, it depends on your frame of reference. Corollary (otherwise said: ill luck is actually absolute):
Regardless of your frame of reference, things will go wrong anyway.
If you want something bad enough, chances are you won't get it.
If you think you are doing the right thing, chances are it will back-fire in your face.
When waiting for traffic, chances are that when one lane clears the other is congested.
Just when you think things cannot get any worse, they will.
Remember the "Boomer-rang" effect; Whatever you do will always come back.
If you re-act to actions, you've acted on actions.
He who angers you controls you, there-fore you have no control over your anger.
Any time you put an item in a "safe place", it will never be seen again.
Your best golf shots always occur when playing alone.
The worst golf shots always occur when playing with someone you are trying to impress.
No matter how hard you try, you cannot push a string.
The fish are always biting....yesterday!
You will never leave a parking space without someone in an adjacent space leaving at the same time.
The cost of the hair do is directly related to the strength of the wind.
Great ideas are never remembered and dumb statements are never forgotten.
The clothes washer/dryer will only eat one of each pair of socks.
When you see light at the end of the tunnel, the tunnel will cave in. Or in another version The light at the end of the tunnel is a train
Thinly sliced cabbage.
Whatever you want, you can't have, what you can have, you don't want.
Whatever you want to do, is Not possible, what ever is possible for you to do, you don't want to do it.
Traffic is inversely proportional to how late you are, or are going to be.
The complexity and frustration factor is inversely proportional to how much time you have left to finish, and how important it is.
Crespins law of observation: the probability of being observed is in direct proportion to the stupidity of ones actions
If you go to bed with an itchy ass, you wake up with smelly fingers.
A knowledge of Murphy's Law is no help in any situation.
If you apply Murphy's Law, it will no longer be applicable.
If you say something, and stake your reputation on it, you will lose your reputation.
Where patience fails, force prevails.
Murphy's Law Current Revision
Any thing that can go wrong, HAS Already Gone Wrong!
You just haven't been notified.
The most exciting phrase to hear in science, the one that heralds new discoveries, is not "Eureka!" but "That's funny..."
Said by Isaac Asimov
A former colleague of Russell Cooper once claimed that Murphy had plagiarized his "Gamble's Law" which says that "The letter box is always on the other side of the road"
If many things can go wrong, they will all go wrong at the same time.
If anything can go wrong, it will happen to the crankiest person.
Waxman's Law:
Everything tastes more or less like chicken.
Skarstad's Observation
You will never find any more loose change than you have already lost.
If authority was mass, stupidity would be gravity.
all good things come to those who wait...
but , don't wait too long or they will pass you by...
like 2 ships that pass in the night...
never again to return that same exact site.
If anything was worth doing, it would've already been done.
Corollary: Nothing is worth doing.
You can do anything except light a paper match on a marshmallow under water
Ants will always infest the nearest food cupboard.
Long's Law
Those who know the least will always know it the loudest.
McFalls' Maxim
No degree of acceptance can ever change the facts.
Translation: You may come to terms with being screwed, but nevertheless you're still screwed.
Hunter's Corollary to Murphy's Law:
Things always go from bad to worse.
Hunter's Observation on Beauty:
Beauty is only skin deep, fashion even shallower.
Hunter's Observation on Experts:
An expert is someone with an opinion and a word processor.
Hunter's Observation on Sugarcoating:
All pornography is air-brushed or computer-enhanced.
Hunter's Observation on hypocrites:
A person without values or standards can never be a hypocrite.
Hunter's Observation on Education and Oz:
"We can give you a diploma, but we can't give you a brain."
Sgt. Murphy's Law
Don't get into a pissing contest with a skunk.
The Law of Stupid Tricks
Just because you CAN do something doesn't mean you SHOULD.
Garbage abhors a vacuum. It will grow to fill available space.
Corollary: The more space you have, the more junk you'll have.
Paper is always strongest at the perforation.
Things are never as good as they are bad.
Chaos always wins, because it's better organized.
The Wingwalker's Rule:
Don't let go of something until you have a hold of something else.
A bird in the hand is messy.
The mud that won't come off on the doormat immediately adheres to the carpet.
When you wear new shoes for the first time, everyone will step on them.
If Murphy's law is correct, everything East of the San Andreas Fault will slide into the Atlantic - Steven Wright
If Murphy's Law can go wrong it will.
Cheer up, the worst is yet to come...
If at first you don't succeed destroy all evidence that you ever tried.
Mrs. Murphy's Law:
If anything can go wrong it will go wrong when Mr. Murphy is out of town....
If all else fails, hit it with a big hammer.
Warneke Law
You cannot force Murphy's Law to happen and you can't use it in reverse.
When something goes wrong, you cannot find the solution in the instruction booklet, but someone else always does.
Everything in life is important, important things are simple, simple things are never easy.
Think about it, complete the circle.
It takes forever to learn the rules and once you've learned them they change again.
The optimist proclaims that we live in the best of all possible worlds,
the pessimist fears this is true.
You will find an easy way to do it, after you've finished doing it.
Hofstadter's Law:
It always takes longer than you think, even when you take into account Hofstadter's Law.
In Las Vegas, wherever you want to go in a casino, it's as far as possible from where you are, no matter where you are.
The wind will always blow opposite to your hairdo
Wind velocity increases directly with the cost of the hairdo.
The probability of the toast landing peanut-butter-side-down is directly proportionate to the cost of the carpeting.
Laundry Math:1 Washer + 1 Dryer + 2 Socks = 1 Sock
Window polishing:
It's always on the other side.
Hall's Law:
Anyone who isn't paranoid simply isn't paying attention.
(Another) Hall's Law
Minor problem isn't.
A valuable falling in a hard to reach place will be exactly at the distance of the tip of your fingers.
If a valuable falls in a hard to reach place at a distance shorter than the tip of your finger, as soon as you try to reach it you'll push it to that distance.
If it looks good,
And it taste good,
And it feels good,
There has got to be something wrong some where,
So be careful.
Two heads are better than one, even if one is a sheep head.
The probability of rain is inversely proportional to the size of the umbrella you carry around with you all day.
No matter how hard you try, every once in a while, something is going right.
Behind every little problem there's a larger problem, waiting for the little problem to get out of the way.
When you really need something, its either not available, or can't be found. When you don't need it, its either available, or lays around in plain sight.
Whenever you cut your finger nails, you find a need for them an hour later.
Law of Conservation of Filth:
In order for something to get clean, something else must get dirty.
Conclusion to the Law of Conservation of Filth:
It is possible for everything to get dirty and nothing to get clean.
The file you are looking for is always at the bottom of the largest pile.
Nothing is impossible for the man who doesn't have to do it himself.
Gumperson's Law:
The likelihood of something happening is in inverse proportion to the desirability of it happening.
Uffelman's Razor:
[Given Murphy's law, ...] One should not attribute to evil design any unfortunate result which can be attributed to error. A mistake (or series of mistakes) is the simpler and more likely explanation.
Conspiracy Corollary to Uffelman's Razor:
Nothing should be attributed to conspiracy that can be explained by error or a succession of errors.

Example 1: The alleged conspiracy to "fake" the Apollo moon landing.
Such an undertaking would be so likely to result in multiple glitches that it would be nearly impossible to pull off. Thus, conspiracy is an unlikely explanation of events. Accordingly, the "evidence" of the "faked" landing is more likely a result of the errors of those interpreting the evidence than of the evil design of the alleged conspirators.
Example 2: The Warren Report.
Any open questions in the Warren Report are more likely the result of the errors of the Warren commission, or the errors of those interpreting the Warren Report, than the result of a conspiracy to cover up the true facts.

copyright 1995, 2002. David G. Uffelman
Probability law:
Probabilities serve only and exclusively to determine the degree of improbability of the catastrophes that actually take place.
Corollary: If something is likely to happen AND desirable, it won't happen.
Common Sense Is Not So Common
Power Is Taken... Not Given
Two wrongs don't make a right. It usually takes three or four.
If the truth is in your favor no one will believe you.
When things go from bad to worse, the cycle repeats.
Laws are like a spider web, in that it snares the poor and weak while the rich and powerful brake them.
Solon, ancient Greece
key to happiness is to be O.K. with not being O.K.
The two most abundant things in all the universe are hydrogen and stupidity.
and another version to this law
The most abundant things in the universe are hydrogen, stupidity and opinions.
Stupidity is the fundamental driving force of the Universe, which explains why stupid people always go wrong.
Every rule has an exception except the Rule of Exceptions.
If your action has a 50% possibility of being correct, you will be wrong 75% of the time.
If you plan for something to go wrong, and it doesn't go wrong, it would have been ultimately profitable for it to go wrong.
Common sense isn't.
The difference between Stupidity and Genius is that Genius has its limits.
The universe is great enough for all possibilities to exist.
Those who don't take decisions never make mistakes.
The only price you pay for greatness is knowing that it can't last forever.
Anything that cant possible in a million years go wrong, will go wrong.
Anything that seems right, is putting you into a false sense of security.
If everything seems great, its already gone wrong.
The only time you're right, is when its about being wrong.
The only times something's right, is when everyone agrees its wrong.
If a Murphy law is tried to be used to have a desired outcome, the law will backfire.
Its never so bad it couldn't be worse.
Andrew's Law
When saying that things can not possibly get any worse - they will
Murphy's Metalaw
Knowing Murphy's Law will never help.
Occult Principle of Murphism
To know Murphy's Law is to draw its attention.
Avoidance Law
If for some reason Murphy's Law fails to operate, it is building up for something big.
Hermetic Murphism
As above, so below.
The big catastrophes are made up of smaller ones.
Buddha's Version of Murphy's Law
Decay is inherent in all things, strive unceasingly.
Fleming's corollary:
Nothing ever gets better.
Murphologist's Curse
Given time one can develop a sense of how Murphy's Law will act, but the Murphy Sense will tingle only after it is too late to keep the excreta from impacting the rotating blade based wind generator.
The probability that something can go wrong is directly proportional to the square of the amount of inconvenience it can cause you
Everything that could possibly go wrong for anyone else always seems to happen to you
Law of cooperatives
In any particular situation, if three things can go wrong, they usually do in sequence, each facilitating the occurrence of the next
Mr. Murphy warning:
Don't mess with Mrs. Murphy
Mrs. Murphy's Law:
If something goes wrong, it's Mr. Murphy's fault.
Mrs. Murphy's Law
If anything can go wrong it will, and when it does, the woman will get the blame
Lewis' Axiom
The person ahead of you in the queue, will have the most complex transaction possible
Every problem is replaceable with a bigger one.
Another name for Murphy's law: The law of conservation of misery
Carvalheiro's deduction
If in a particular circumstance Murphy's law don't apply, then something must be wrong
Sharad's Law
If Murphy's law is right then it will go wrong
A law about websites:
The more important it is to get to a website, the greater the chance the server is down.
Laws about this site:
The More the number of laws you claim to have, the more the number of laws you are going to miss.
This site won't open when you want to show someone what exactly Murphy laws are
Remember:
Shit happens
Murphy's law is intrinsic.
And on the eighth day God said;"O.K. Murphy, you take over!
Larry Niven's summary of Murphy's Law:
The perversity of the universe tends to a maximum.
The road to success is always under construction
By Anton Figg (?)
If in a series events that could have gone wrong and didn't, It will have been ultimately beneficial for them to have gone wrong in the first place.
Bralek's Rule for Success:
Trust only those who stand to lose as much as you.
whatever was supposed to happen, won't
You can't expect the unexpected, otherwise there would be no need for the word unexpected
You cant reason with the stupid
If you lose something that is replaceable (textbooks, clothing etc) as soon as you buy a replacement the original will surface.
Clemens' Law
In any given situation, people will act so as to display the maximum possible amount of stupidity for that situation.
Clemens' Law short form
People are stupid.
What goes in must come out.
Unless it's the other way around.
Better to be a pessimist than an optimist because when you say the glass is half empty it will have to be refilled
Sooner or later, you will spill your beer
Berneathys directional dichotomy
West is always East of somewhere
Berneathys formula fact
Instruction manuals are for losers
Berneathys guide theorem
You're only lost if you admit it
Berneathys gravitational paradox
If gravity is all around us, why can't you push a fat dog down the stairs?
Wet Law
A spoon placed in the sink will locate to maximize splash from the faucet
Pack Rat's Law
All horizontal surfaces shall be filled to capacity
Wife's Law
Anything worth doing is well worth over-doing
Reply:
Anything over-done isn't worth the extra effort
It's no the drop that kills you.... its the sudden stop
When things are going right, you won't notice
The cleverness of Murphy's Laws is inverse proportion to the number of laws
The entropy of the universe tends to a maximum
and never forget O'Toole's Corollary or
Sod's Law or
McGillicuddy Law
Murphy was an optimist
Well, there are a lot of people who think he was an optimist, aren't there?
Or in other words:
someone else always seems to get the credit for your work.
The harder you work the more people there will be to claim credit except when it backfires.
You get all the credit for the dumb move.
Murphy was an extreme optimist!
Says Charles L. Mays
And we'll end this page with something optimistic (don't hit me).
Don't worry about Murphy's Law, you know it's gonna happen anyway, so just get on with it and get it over with!
The humor of Murphy's Law leaves you laughing at the end of the day.
If you make it through a Murphy Day...you win!
The greater the value of the rug, the greater the probability that the cat will throw up on it.
You will always find something in the last place you look.
If your looking for more than one thing, you'll find the most important one last.
It is never in the last place you look. It is in the first place you look, but never discovered on the first attempt.
After you bought a replacement for something you've lost and searched for everywhere, you'll find the original.
You have to look where you lost it.
No matter how long or how hard you shop for an item, after you've bought it, it will be on sale somewhere cheaper.
The other line always moves faster.
In order to get a personal loan, you must first prove you don't need it.
Anything you try to fix will take longer and cost you more than you thought.
If you fool around with a thing for very long you will screw it up.
If it jams - force it. If it breaks, it needed replacing anyway.
When a broken appliance is demonstrated for the repairman, it will work perfectly.
Build a system that even a fool can use, and only a fool will use it.
Everyone has a scheme for getting rich that will not work.
In any hierarchy, each individual rises to his own level of incompetence, and then remains there.
There's never time to do it right, but there's always time to do it over.
When in doubt, mumble. When in trouble, delegate.
Anything good in life is either illegal, immoral or fattening.
Murphy's golden rule: whoever has the gold makes the rules.
A Smith & Wesson beats four aces.
In case of doubt, make it sound convincing.
Never argue with a fool, people might not know the difference.
Whatever hits the fan will not be evenly distributed.
No good deed goes unpunished.
Anything that can go wrong will go wrong.
It is impossible to make anything foolproof because fools are so ingenious.
Left to themselves, things tend to go from bad to worse.
Rule of Accuracy: When working toward the solution of a problem, it always helps if you know the answer.
Corollary: Provided, of course, that you know there is a problem.
Nothing is as easy as it looks.
Everything takes longer than you think.
Everything takes longer than it takes.
If anything simply cannot go wrong, it will anyway.
Whenever you set out to do something, something else must be done first.
Every solution breeds new problems.
The legibility of a copy is inversely proportional to its importance.
no matter how perfect things are made to appear, Murphy's law will take effect and screw it up.
You cannot successfully determine beforehand which side of the bread to butter.
The chance of the buttered side of the bread falling face down is directly proportional to the cost of the carpet.
The chance of the bread falling with the buttered side down is directly proportional to the cost of the carpet.
A falling object will always land where it can do the most damage.
A shatterproof object will always fall on the only surface hard enough to crack or break it.
A paint drip will always find the hole in the newspaper and land on the carpet underneath (and will not be discovered until it has dried).
A dropped power tool will always land on the concrete instead of the soft ground (if outdoors) or the carpet (if indoors) - unless it is running, in which case it will fall on something it can damage (like your foot).
If a dish is dropped while removing it from the cupboard, it will hit the sink, breaking the dish and chipping or denting the sink in the process.
A valuable dropped item will always fall into an inaccessible place (a diamond ring down the drain, for example) - or into the garbage disposal while it is running.
If you use a pole saw to saw a limb while standing on an aluminum ladder borrowed from your neighbor, the limb will fall in such a way as to bend the ladder before it knocks you to the ground.
If you pick up a chunk of broken concrete and try to pitch it into an adjacent lot, it will hit a tree limb and come down right on the driver's side of your car windshield.
Eat a live frog, every morning, and nothing worse will happen to you all day.
A fly by night leaves no shadow beyond a doubt.
I'll smoke when the pope's wife takes the pill.
Beauty times brains equals a constant.
Nostalgia just isn't what it used to be. --Herb Caen
How much does it cost to ride an IO bus?
2 Bits.
Designed with your mind in mind by people who have in mind what you should have in mind.
"That we can comprehend the little we know already is mindboggling in itself." -- Tom Gates
Secrecy is the beginning of tyranny.
Hell hath no fury like a woman beaten out of a million dollars.
When the only tool you have is a hammer, it is tempting to treat everything as if it were a nail.
Don't try to have the last word. You might get it.
A poet who reads his verse in public may have other nasty habits.
"We are getting into semantics again. If we use words, there is a very grave danger they will be misinterpreted." -- H. R. Haldeman, testifying in his own defense.
Person who falls in blast furnace is certain to feel overwrought.
Long computations which yield 0 (zero) are probably all for naught.
Person who arrives at party two hours late will probably find he has been beaten to the punch.
When Snow White turns on with the dwarfs she probably winds up feeling dopey.
President Ford has noted that there are too many economic pundits and forecasters and has decided on an excess prophets tax.
Worth seeing? Yes, but not worth going to see.
He was so narrow-minded he could see through a keyhole with two eyes.
There are more old drunkards than old doctors.
He missed an invaluable opportunity to hold his tongue.
There is no lawyer who cannot take two sides.
With Congress, every time they make a joke it's a law; and every time they make a law it's a joke.
A radical is a person with both feet firmly planted in the air.
How wonderful opera would be if there were no singers.
What is my loftiest ambition? I've always wanted to throw an egg at an electric fan.
Conversation is the slowest form of human communication.
Your ignorance cramps my conversation.
Reading is thinking with someone else's head instead of one's own.
A person will sometimes devote all his life to the development of one part of his body - the wishbone.
A mother takes twenty years to make a man of her boy, and another woman makes a fool of him in twenty minutes.
There is one thing more exasperating than a spouse who can cook and won't, and that's a spouse who can't cook and will.
The famous politician was trying to save both his faces.
Sex is nature's way of saying Hi!'.
Disclose classified information only when a NEED TO KNOW exists.
Biggest security gap - an open mouth.
Regnant populi. (The people rule.)
Pregnant ropuli. (The snake will soon lay eggs.)
Ditat Deus. (God enriches.)
Post proelium, praemium. (After the battle, the reward.)
Facta, non verba.
Sum quod eris. (I am what you will be.)
Auribus teneo lupum. (I hold a wolf by the ears.)
Vigilia pretium libertatis. (Eternal vigilance is the price of liberty.)
Populus vult decipi. (The people like to be deceived.)
Fidelity: A virtue peculiar to those who are about to be betrayed.
Forgetfulness: A gift of God bestowed upon debtors in compensation for their destitution of conscience.
The good die young - because they see it's no use living if you've got to be good.
The thing that takes up the least amount of time and causes the most amount of trouble is sex.
Drawing on my fine command of language, I said nothing.
It took me fifteen years to discover I had no talent for writing,
but I couldln't give it up because by that time I was too famous.
Acquaintance: a person whom we know well enough to borrow from, but not well enough to lend to.
The most important service rendered by the press is that of educating people to approach printed matter with distrust.
The optimist proclaims that we live in the best of all possible worlds, and the pessimist fears this is true.
In marriage, as in war, it is permitted to take every advantage of the enemy.
He looked at me as if I was a side dish he hadn't ordered.
It was a book to kill time for those who liked it better dead.
He walks as if balancing the family tree on his nose.
The plural of spouse is spice.
There's so much to say but your eyes keep interrupting me.
Friends: people who borrow my books and set wet glasses on them.
A holding company is a thing where you hand an accomplice the goods while the policeman searches you.
My notion of a wife at forty is that a man should be able to change her, like a bank note, for two twenties.
Troubles are like babies; they only grow by nursing.
"When a man says he had pleasure with a woman he does not mean conversation."   Samuel Johnson
To laugh at men of sense is the privilege of fools.
Sin has many tools, but a lie is the handle which fits them all.
Let a fool hold his tongue and he will pass for a sage.
Dawn:  The time when men of reason go to bed. Certain old men prefer to rise at about that time, taking a cold bath and a long walk with an empty stomach, and otherwise mortifying the flesh. They then point with pride to these practices as the cause of their sturdy health and ripe years; the truth being that they are hearty and old, not because of their habits, but in spite of them. The reason we find only robust persons doing this thing is that it has killed all the others who have tried it.
What kind of sound does a sub-atomic duck make? Quark!!
How many IBM CPUs does it take to execute a program?
Ten. Nine to hold it down, and one to cut its head off.
The only people who listen to both sides of an argument are the neighbors.
With clothes the new are best, with friends the old are best.
Cynic: A blackguard whose faulty vision sees things as they are, not as they ought to be. Hence the custom among the Scythians of plucking out a cynic's eyes to improve his vision.
PARKINSON'S LAW: Work expands to fill the time available for its completion.
PARKINSON'S LAW, MODIFIED: The junk you have will expand to fill the available space.
THE PETER PRINCIPLE: In every hierarchy, each employee tends to rise to his level of incompetence.
CHEOPS' LAW: Nothing ever gets built on schedule or within budget.
MURPHY'S LAW: If something can go wrong, it will.
WEILER'S LAW: Nothing is impossible for the man who does not have to do it himself.
FINAGLE'S LAW: Once a job is fouled up, anything done to improve it makes it worse.
RUDIN'S LAW: In a crisis that forces a choice to be made among alternative courses of action, most people will choose the worst one possible.
UNNAMED LAW: If it happens, it must be possible.
CLARKE'S THIRD LAW: Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishible from magic.
GUMPERSON'S LAW: The outcome of a given desired probability will be inverse to the degree of desirability.
(After a salary raise, you will have less money at the end of the month than you had before.)
* (The more a recruit knows about a given subject, the better chance
* he has of being assigned to something else.)
CUTLER WEBSTER'S LAW: There are two sides to every argument unless a man is personally involved, in which case there is only one.
ALBRECHT'S LAW: Social innovations tend to the level of minimum tolerable well being.
PATRICKS'S THEOREM: If the experiment works, you must be using the wrong equipment.
SKINNER'S CONSTANT: (also Fynnegan's Finagling Factor) That quantity which, when multiplied by, divided by, added to, or subtracted from the answer you got, gives the answer you should have gotton.
HORNER'S FIVE THUMB POSTULATE: Experience varies directly with the equipment ruined.
FLAOLE'S LAW OF THE PERVERSITY OF INANIMATE OBJECTS: Any inanimate object, regardless of its composition or configuration, may be expected to perform at any time - in a totally unexpected manner for reasons that are either entirely obscure or also completely mysterious.
ALLEN'S AXIOM: When all else fails, read the instructions.
THE SPARE PARTS PRINCIPLE: The accessability during recovery of small parts which fall from the workbench, varies directly with the size of the part, and inversely with its importance to the completion of the work underway.
THE COMPENSATION COROLLARY: The experiment must be considered a success if no more than 50% of the observed measurements must be discarded to obtain a correspondence with theory.
THE ORDERING PRINCIPLE: Those supplies necessary for yesterday's experiment must be ordered by no later than noon tomorrow.
THE ULTIMATE PRINCIPLE: By definition, when you are investigating the unknown - you do not know what you will find.
THE FUTILITY FACTOR: No experiment is ever a complete failure - it can always serve as a bad example.
Why did the chicken cross the road half way? He wanted to lay it on the line.
System stopping for 2 minutes, 1 minute ago.
YOUR SUBSYSTEM HAS DIED.....
Startrek makes your sterile
NEW FORTRAN H EXTENDED - GO TO STATEMENTS ARE NOW ILLEGAL.
SEE ASPNEWS FOR DETAILS.
Allison's Precept The best simple-minded test of expertise in a particular area is the ability to win money in a series of bets on future occurrences in that area.
Corollary to Anthony's Law On the way to the corner, any dropped tool will first always strike your toes.
Army Axiom Any order that can be misunderstood has been misunderstood.
Axiom of the Pipe  (Trischmann's Paradox) A pipe gives a wise man time to think and a fool something to stick in his mouth.
Baker's Law Misery no longer loves company. Nowadays it insists on it.
Barber's Laws of Backpacking The integral of the gravitational potential taken around any loop trail you choose to hike always comes out positive.
Any stone in your boot always migrates against the pressure gradient to exactly the point of most pressure.
The weight of your pack increases in direct proportion to the amount of food you consume from it. If you run out of food, the pack weight goes on increasing anyway.
The number of stones in your boot is directlyproportional to the number of hours you have been on the trail.
Backpacking - The size of each of the stones in your boot is directly proportional to the number of hours you have been on the trail.The remaining distance to your chosen campsite remains constantas twilight approaches.The net weight of your boots is proportional to the cube of the number of hours you have been on the trail.When you arrive at your chosen campsite, it is full.
Forthoffer's Cynical Summary of Barzun's Laws 1) That which has not yet been taught directly can never be taught directly. 2) If at first you don't succeed, you will never succeed.
Baxter's First Law Government intervention in the free market always leads to a lower national standard of living.
Baxter's Second Law The adoption of fractional gold reserves in a currency system always leads to depreciation, devaluation, demonetization and, ultimately, to complete destruction of that currency.
Baxter's Third Law In a free market good money always drives bad money out of circulation.
Becker's Law It is much harder to find a job than to keep one.
Beifeld's Principle The probability of a young man meeting a desirable and receptive young female increases by pyramidal progression when he is already in the company of (1) a date, (2) his wife, and (3) a better looking and richer male friend.
Bicycle Law All bicycles weigh 50 pounds: A 30-pound bicycle needs a 20-pound lock and chain. A 40-pound bicycle needs a 10-pound lock and chain. A 50-pound bicycle needs no lock or chain.
Blaauw's Law Established technology tends to persist in spite of new technology.
Booker's Law An ounce of application is worth a ton of abstraction.
Boren's Laws 1) When in doubt, mumble. 2) When in trouble, delegate. 3) When in charge, ponder.
Brien's First Law At some time in the life cycle of virtually every organization, its ability to succeed in spite of itself runs out.
Brook's Law Adding manpower to a late software project makes it later.
Brown's Law of Business Success Our customer's paperwork is profit. Our own paperwork is loss.
Bucy's Law Nothing is ever accomplished by a reasonable man.
Bustlin' Billy's Bogus Beliefs
1) The organization of any program reflects the organization
of the people who develop it.
2) There is no such thing as a "dirty capitalist," only a capitalist.
3) Anything is possible, but nothing is easy.
4) Capitalism can exist in one of only two states --
welfare or warfare.
5) I'd rather go whoring than warring.
6) History proves nothing.
Bye's First Law of Model Railroading
Anytime you wish to demonstrate something, the number of faults
is proportional to the number of viewers.
Bye's Second Law of Model Railroading
The desire for modeling a prototype is inversely proportional
to the decline of the prototype.
Cahn's Axiom When all else fails, read the instructions.
Camp's Law A coup that is known in advance is a coup that does not take place.
Canada Bill Jones' Motto It's morally wrong to allow suckers to keep their money.
Canada Bill Jones' Supplement A Smith and Wesson beats four aces.
Cheop's Law Nothing ever gets built on schedule or within budget.
Chisholm's Law of Human Interaction Anytime things appear to be going better you have overlooked something.
Chisholm's Third Law Proposals, as understood by the proposer, will be judged otherwise by others.
Corollary 1: If you explain so clearly that nobody can misunderstand, somebody will.
Corollary 2: If you do something which you are sure will meet with everyone's approval, somebody won't like it.
Corollary 3: Procedures devised to implement the purpose won't quite work.
Churchill's Commentary on Man Man will occasionally stumble over the truth but most of the time he will pick himself up and continue on.
Clarke's First Law When a distinguished but elderly scientist states that something is possible, he is almost certainly right. When he states that something is impossible, he is very probably wrong.
Clarke's Second Law The only way to discover the limits of the possible is to go beyond them into the impossible.
Clarke's Third Law Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic.
Clarke's Law of Revolutionary Ideas Every revolutionary idea - in Science, Politics, Art or Whatever -evokes three stages of reaction. They may be summed up by the three phrases: 1) "It is completely impossible -- don't waste my time." 2) "It is possible, but it is not worth doing." 3) "I said it was a good idea all along."
Cohen's Law What really matters is the name you succeed in imposing on the facts -- not the facts themselves.
Cole's Law Thinly sliced cabbage.
Commoner's Three Laws of Ecology 1) No action is without side-effects. 2) Nothing ever goes away. 3) There is no free lunch.
Cook's Law Much work -- much food, little work -- little food, no work -- burial at sea.
Cornuelle's Law Authority tends to assign jobs to those least able to do them.
Crane's Law  (Friedman's Reiteration) There ain't no such thing as a free lunch.
Diogenes' First Dictum The more heavily a man is supposed to be taxed, the more power he has to escape being taxed.
Diogenes' Second Dictum If a taxpayer thinks he can cheat safely, he probably will.
Dow's Law In a hierarchical organization, the higher the level, the greater the confusion.
Dunne's Law The territory behind rhetoric is too often mined with equivocation.
Ehrman's Corollary to Ginsberg's Theorem 1) Things will get worse before they get better.2) Who said things would get better.
Ettorre's Observation The other line moves faster. 
Evan's Law of Politics When team members are finally in a position to help the team, it turns out they have quit the team.
Everitt's Form of the Second Law of ThermodynamicsConfusion (entropy) is always increasing in society. Only if someone or something works extremely hard can this confusion be reduced to order in a limited region. Nevertheless, this effort will still result in an increase in the total confusion of society at large.
Extended Epstein-Heisenberg Principle In an R & D orbit, only 2 of the existing 3 parameters can be defined simultaneously. The parameters are: task, time and resources ($).
Farber's First Law
Give him an inch and he'll screw you.
Farber's Second Law
A hand in the bush is worth two anywhere else.
Farber's Third Law
We're all going down the same road in different directions.
Farber's Fourth Law
Necessity is the mother of strange bedfellows.
The Fifth Rule
You have taken yourself too seriously.
Finagle's First Law
If an experiment works, something has gone wrong.
Finagle's Second Law
No matter what result is anticipated, there will always be
someone eager to (a) misinterpret it, (b) fake it, or (c) believe
it happened to his own pet theory.
Finagle's Third Law
In any collection of data, the figure most obviously correct,
beyond all need of checking, is the mistake.
Corollary 1: No one whom you ask for help will see it.
Corollary 2: Everyone who stops by with unsought advice
will see it immediately.
Finagle's Fourth Law
Once a job is fouled up, anything done to improve it only
makes it worse.
Finagle's Rules
In case of doubt, make it sound convincing.
Experiments should be reproducible. They should all
fail in the same way.
Do not believe in miracles. Rely on them.
First Law of Bicycling
No matter which way you ride it's uphill and against the wind.
First Law of Bridge
It's always the partner's fault.
First Law of Canoeing  (Alfred Andrews' Canoeing Postulate)
No matter which direction you start it's always against the
wind coming back.
First Law of Debate
Never argue with a fool. People might not know the difference.
First Law of Office Holders
Get re-elected.
Fitz-Gibbon's Law
Creativity varies inversely with the number of cooks involved
with the broth.
Flap's Law
Any inanimate object, regardless of its position or
configuration, may be expected to perform at any time in a
totally unexpected manner for reasons that are either entirely
obscure or else completely mysterious.
Fortis' Three Great Lies of Life
1) Money isn't everything.
2) It's great to be a Negro.
3) I'm only going to put it in a little way.
Fourteenth Corollary of Atwood's General Law of Dynamic Negatives
No books are lost by loaning except those you particularly
wanted to keep.
Franklin's Rule
Blessed is he who expects nothing, for he shall not be
disappointed.
Gilb's Laws of Unreliability
1) Computers are unreliable, but humans are even more unreliable.
Corollary: At the source of every error which is blamed on the
computer you will find at least two human errors,
including the error of blaming it on the computer.
2) Any system which depends on human reliability is unreliable.
Ginsberg's Theorem
1) You can't win.
2) You can't break even.
3) You can't even quit the game.
Golden Rules of Indulgence
Everything in excess! To enjoy the full flavor of life, take
big bites. Moderation is for monks. Yield to temptation; it may
never pass your way again.
Gray's Law of Programming
n+1 trivial tasks are expected to be accomplished in the same
time as n trivial tasks.
Logg's Rebuttal to Gray's Law of Programming
n+1 trivial tasks take twice as long as n trivial tasks.
Gresham's Law
Trivial matters are handled promptly; important matters are never
solved.
Whenver possible blame the hardware.
Grosch's Law
Computing power increases as the square of the cost. If you
want to do it twice as cheaply, you have to do it four times
as fast.
Gummidge'e Law
The amount of expertise varies in inverse proportion to the
number of statements understood by the general public.
Gumperson's Law
The probability of anything happening is in inverse ratio to
its desirability.
Hacker's Law of Personnel
Anyone having supervisory responsibility for the completion of a
task will invariably protest that more resources are needed.
Hagerty's Law
If you lose your temper at a newspaper columnist, he'll get
rich or famous or both.
Haldane's Law
The Universe is not only queerer than we imagine;
it is queerer than we CAN imagine.
Harper's Magazine's Law
You never find an article until you replace it.
Hartley's First Law
You can lead a horse to water, but if you can get him to
float on his back you've got something.
Hartley's Second Law
Never sleep with anyone crazier than yourself.
Harvard Law
Under the most rigorously controlled conditions of pressure,
temperature, volume, humidity, and other variables, the
organism will do as it damn well pleases.
Heller's Law
The first myth of management is that it exists.
Hendrickson's Law
If a problem causes many meetings, the meetings eventually become
more important than the problem.
Hoare's Law of Large Programs
Inside every large program is a small program struggling
to get out.
Horner's Five Thumb Postulate
Experience varies directly with equipment ruined.
Howard's First Law of Theater
Use it.
Howe's Law
Every man has a scheme that will not work.
Hull's Theorem
The combined pull of several patrons is the sum of their
separate pulls multiplied by the number of patrons.
IBM Pollyanna Principle
Machines should work. People should think.
Imhoff's Law
The organization of any bureaucracy is very much like a septic tank
-- the REALLY big chunks always rise to the top.
Iron Law of Distribution
Them what has - gets.
Italian Proverb
Jacquin's Postulate on Democratic Governments
No man's life, liberty or property are safe while the
legislature is in session.
Jay's Laws of Leadership
1) Changing things is central to leadership,
and changing them before anyone else is creativeness.
2) To build something that endures, it is of the greatest
importance to have a long tenure in office -- to rule for
many years. You can achieve a quick success in a year or
two, but nearly all of the great tycoons have continued
their building much longer.
Jenkinson's Law
It won't work.
John Cameron's Law
No matter how many times you've had it, if it's offered,
take it, because it'll never be quite the same again.
John's Axiom
When your opponent is down, kick him.
John's Collateral Corollary
In order to get a loan you must first prove you don't need it.
Johnson's Corollary to Heller's Law
Nobody really knows what is going on anywhere within your
organization.
Johnson's First Law of Auto Repair
Any tool dropped while repairing an automobile will roll
under the car to the vehicle's exact geographic center.
Johnson-Laird's Law
Toothache tends to start on Saturday night.
Jones' Law
The man who can smile when things go wrong has thought
of someone he can blame it on.
Jones' Motto
Friends may come and go, but enemies accumulate.
Kamin's First Law
All currencies will decrease in value and purchasing power
over the long term, unless they are freely and fully convertable
into gold and that gold is traded freely without restrictions of
any kind.
Kamin's Second Law
Threat of capital controls accelerates marginal capital
outflows.
Kamin's Third Law
Combined total taxation from all levels of government will
always increase (until the government is replaced by war or
revolution).
Kamin's Fourth Law
Government inflation is always worse than statistics indicate;
central bankers are biased toward inflation when the money unit is
non-convertible, and without gold or silver backing.
Kamin's Fifth Law
Purchasing power of currency is always lost far more rapidly
than ever regained. (Those who expect even fluctuations in both
directions play a losing game.)
Kamin's Sixth Law
When attempting to predict and forcast macro-economic moves or
economic legislation by a politician, never be misled by what he
says; instead watch what he does.
Kamin's Seventh Law
Politicians will always inflate when given the opportunity.
Katz's Law
Men and nations will act rationally when all other
possibilities have been exhausted.
Kerr-Martin Law
1) In dealing with their OWN problems, faculty members are the
most extreme conservatives.
2) In dealing with OTHER people's problems, they are the
world's most extreme liberals.
Kirkland's Law
The usefulness of any meeting is in inverse proportion to
the attendance.
Kitman's Law
Pure drivel tends to drive off the TV screen ordinary
drivel.
Lani's Principles of Economics
1) Taxes are not levied for the benefit of the taxed.
2) $100 placed at 7% interest compounded quarterly for 200
years will increase to more than $100,000,000 by which time it
will be worth nothing.
3) In God we trust, all others pay cash.
La Rochefoucauld's Law
It is more shameful to distrust one's friends than to be
deceived by them.
Law of Communications
The inevitable result of improved and enlarged communications
between different levels in a hierarchy is a vastly increased area
of misunderstanding.
Law of Computability Applied to Social Science
If at first you don't succeed, transform your data set.
Law of Selective Gravity  (The Buttered Side Down Law)
An object will fall so as to do the most damage.
Law of the Perversity of Nature  (Mrs. Murphy's Corollary)
You cannot successfully determine beforehand which side of
the bread to butter.
Law of Superiority
The first example of superior principle is always inferior
to the developed example of inferior principle.
Laws of Computerdom According to Golub
1) Fuzzy project objectives are used to avoid the embarrassment
of estimating the corresponding costs.
2) A carelessly planned project takes three times longer to
complete than expected; a carefully planned project will take
only twice as long.
3) The effort required to correct course increases geometrically
with time.
4) Project teams detest weekly progress reporting because it so
vividly manifests their lack of progress.
Laws of Computer Programming
1) Any given program, when running, is obsolete.
2) Any given program costs more and takes longer.
3) If a program is useful, it will have to be changed.
4) If a program is useless, it will have to be documented.
5) Any given program will expand to fill all available
memory.
6) The value of a program is proportional to the weight
of its output.
Laws of Gardening
1) Other people's tools work only in other people's yards.
2) Fanzy gizmos don't work.
3) If nobody uses it, there's a reason.
4) You get the most of what you need the least.
Le Chatelier's Law
If some stress is brought to bear on a system in equilibrium,
the equilibrium is displaced in the direction which tends to
undo the effect of the stress.
Les Miserables Metalaw
All laws, whether good, bad, or indifferent, must be
obeyed to the letter.
Long's Notes
1) Always store beer in a dark place.
Lord Falkland's Rule
When it is not necessary to make a decision, it is necessary not
to make a decision.
Lowery's Law
If it jams -- force it. If it breaks, it needed replacing anyway.
Malek's Law
Any simple idea will be worded in the most complicated way.
Malinowski's Law
Looking from far above, from our high places of safety in
the developed civilization, it is easy to see all the crudity and
irrelevance of magic.
Dean Martin's Definition of Drunkenness
You're not drunk if you can lie on the floor without holding on.
Martin-Berthelot Principle
Of all possible committee reactions to any given agenda item,
the reaction that will occur is the one which will liberate
the greatest amount of hot air.
Match's Maxim
A fool in a high station is like a man on the top of a high mountain:
everything appears small to him and he appears small to everybody.
Matsch's Law
It is better to have a horrible ending than to have horrors
without end.
McClaughry's Codicil on Jone's Motto
To make an enemy, do someone a favor.
McClaughry's Law of Zoning
Where zoning is not needed, it will work perfectly;
where it is desperately needed, it always breaks down.
McGoon's Law
The probability of winning is inversely proportional to
the amount of the wager.
McNaughton's Rule
Any argument worth making within the bureaucracy must be
is obviously true once stated.
H. L. Mencken's Law
Those who can -- do.
Those who cannot -- teach.
Those who cannot teach -- administrate. (Martin's extension)
Merrill's First Corollary There are no winners in life; only survivors.
Merrill's Second Corollary In the highway of life, the average happening is of about as much true significance as a dead skunk in the middle of the road.
Meskimen's Law There's never time to do it right, but always time to do it over.
Michehl's Theorem Less is more.
Pastore's Comment on Michehl's Theorem Nothing is ultimate.
Miller's Law You can't tell how deep a puddle is until you step into it.
Mobil's Maxim Bad regulation begets worse regulation.
Murphy's First Law Nothing is as easy as it looks.
Murphy's Second Law Everything takes longer than you think.
Murphy's Third Law In any field of scientific endeavor, anything that can go wrong will go wrong.
Murphy's Fourth Law If there is a possibility of several things going wrong,
the one that will cause the most damage will be the one to go wrong.
Murphy's Fifth Law If anything just cannot go wrong, it will anyway.
Murphy's Sixth Law If you perceive that there are four possible ways in which a procedure can go wrong, and circumvent these, then a fifth way, unprepared for, will promptly develop.
Murphy's Seventh Law Left to themselves, things tend to go from bad to worse.
Murphy's Eighth Law If everything seems to be going well, you have obviously overlooked something.
Murphy's Ninth Law Nature always sides with the hidden flaw.
Murphy's Tenth Law Mother nature is a bitch.
Murphy's Eleventh Law It is impossible to make anything foolproof because fools are so ingenious.
Murphy's Law of Thermodynamics Things get worse under pressure.
Newton's Little-known Seventh Law A bird in the hand is safer than one overhead.
Nienberg's Law Progress is made on alternate Fridays.
Ninety-ten Rule of Project Schedules The first ninety percent of the task takes ten percent of the time, and the last ten percent takes the other ninety percent.
O'Brien's Principle  (The $357.73 Theory) Auditors always reject any expense account with a bottom line divisible by 5 or 10.
Oeser's Law There is a tendency for the person in the most powerful position in an organization to spend all his time serving on committees and signing letters.
Ordering Principle Those supplies necessary for yesterday's experiment must be ordered no later than tomorrow noon.
Osborn's Law Variables won't, constants aren't.
O'Toole's Commentary on Murphy's Laws
Murphy was an optimist.
Pardo's Postulates 1) Anything good is either illegal, immoral, or fattening. 2) The three faithful things in life are money, a dog, and an old woman. 3) Don't care if you're rich or not, as long as you can live comfortably and have everything you want.
Pareto's Law  (The 20/80 Law) 20% of the customers account for 80% of the turnover, 20% of components account for 80% of the cost, and so forth.
Parker's Rule of Parlimentary Procedure A motion to adjourn is always in order.
Parker's Law of Political Statements The truth of a proposition has nothing to do with its credibility and vice versa.
Parkinson's First Law Work expands to fill the time available for its completion; the thing to be done swells in perceived importance and complexity in a direct ratio with the time to be spent in its completion.
Parkinson's Second Law Expenditures rise to meet income.
Parkinson's Third Law If there is a way to delay an important decision the good bureaucracy, public or private, will find it.
Parkinson's Fourth Law The number of people in any working group tends to increase regardless of the amount of work to be done.
Parkinson's Law of Delay Delay is the deadliest form of denial.
Pastore's Truths 1) Even paranoids have enemies. 2) This job is marginally better than daytime TV. 3) On alcohol: four is one more than more than enough.
Peckham's Law Beauty times brains equals a constant.
Peer's Law The solution to a problem changes the problem.
Peter Principle In every hierarchy, whether it be government or business, each employee tends to rise to his level of incompetence; every post tends to be filled by an employee incompetent to execute its duties.
Peter's Corollaries 1) Incompetence knows no barriers of time or place. 2) Work is accomplished by those employees who have not yet reached their level of incompetence. 3) If at first you don't succeed, try something else.
Peter's Inversion Internal consistency is valued more highly than efficiency.
Peter's Paradox Employees in a hierarchy do not really object to incompetence in their colleagues.
Peter's Placebo An ounce of image is worth a pound of performance.
Peter's Theorem Incompetence plus incompetence equals incompetence.
Potter's Law The amount of flak received on any subject is inversely proportional to the subject's true value.
Pudder's Law Anything that begins well ends badly. Anything that begins badly ends worse.
Puritan's Law Evil is live spelled backwards. Puritan's Second Law If it feels good, don't do it.
Q's Law No matter what stage of completion one reaches in a North Sea (oil) field, the cost of the remainder of the project remains the same.
Rangnekar's Modified Rules Concerning Decisions 1) If you must make a decision, delay it. 2) If you can authorize someone else to avoid a decision, do so. 3) If you can form a committee, have them avoid the decision. 4) If you can otherwise avoid a decision, avoid it immediately.
Rayburn's Rule If you want to get along, go along.
Riddle's Constant There are coexisting elements in frustration phenomena which separate expected results from achieved results.
Ross' Law Never characterize the importance of a statement in advance.
Rudin's Law In a crisis that forces a choice to be made among alternative courses of action, most people will choose the worst one possible.
Rule of Accuracy When working toward the solution of a problem it always helps if you know the answer.
Sam's Axiom 1) Any line, however short, is still too long. 2) Work is the crabgrass of life, but money is the water that keeps it green.
Sattinger's Law It works better if you plug it in.
Segal's Law A man with one watch knows what time it is; a man with two watches is never sure.
Sevareid's Law The chief cause of problems is solutions.
Shalit's Law The intensity of movie publicity is in inverse ratio to the quality of the movie.
Shanahan's Law The length of a meeting rises with the square of the number of
Shaw's Principle Build a system that even a fool can use, and only a fool will want to use it.
Simmon's Law The desire for racial integration increases with the square of the distance from the actual event.
Simon's Law Everything put together sooner or later falls apart.Skinner's Constant  (Flannegan's Finagling Factor) That quantity which, when multiplied by, divided by, added to, or subtracted from the answer you get, gives you the answer you should have gotten.
Snafu Equations 1) Given any problem containing n equations, there will be n + 1 unknowns. 2) An object or bit of information most needed, will be least available. 3) Any device requiring service or adjustment will be least accessible. 4) Interchangable devices won't.
Sociology's Iron Law of Oligarchy In every organized activity, no matter the sphere, a small number will become the oligarchial leaders and the others will follow.
Spare Parts Principle The accessibility, during recovery of small parts which fall from the work bench, varies directly with the size of the part and inversely with its importance to the completion of work underway.
Steele's Plagiarism of Somebody's Philosophy Everyone should believe in something -- I believe I'll have another drink.
Sturgeon's Law 90 per cent of everything is crud.
Swipple Rule of Order He who shouts loudest has the floor.
Terman's Law There is no direct relationship between the quality of an educational program and its cost.
Terman's Law of Innovation If you want a track team to win the high jump you find one person who can jump seven feet, not seven people who can jump one foot.
Theory of the International Society of Philosophic Engineering In any calculation, any error which can creep in will.
Thoreau's Law If you see a man approaching with the obvious intent of doing you good, run for your life.
Transcription Law The number of errors made is equal to the number of 'squares' employed.
Truman's Law If you cannot convince them, confuse them.
Truths of Management 1) Think before you act; it's not your money. 2) All good management is the expression of one great idea. 3) No executive devotes effort to proving himself wrong. 4) Cash in must exceed cash out. 5) Management capability is always less than the organization actually needs. 6) Either an executive can do his job or he can't. 7) If sophisticated calculations are needed to justify an action, don't do it. 8)Organizations always have too many managers. 9) The easiest way of making money is to stop losing it.
Tuccille's First Law of Reality Industry always moves in to fill an economic vacuum.
Vail's Axiom In any human enterprise, work seeks the lowest hierarchial level.
Vique's Law A man without religion is like a fish without a bicycle.
Vonnegut's Corollary Beauty may be only skin deep, but ugliness goes right to the core.
Weaver's Law When several reporters share a cab on an assignment, the reporter in the front seat pays for all.
Weaver's Corollary  (Doyle's Corollary) No matter how many reporters share a cab, and no matter who pays, each puts the full fare on his own expense account.
Weber-Fechner Law The least change in stimulus necessary to produce a perceptible change in response is proportional to the stimulus already existing.
Weiler's Law Nothing is impossible for the man who doesn't have to do it himself.
Weinberg's Law If builders built buildings the way programmers wrote programs, then the first woodpecker that came along would destroy civilization.
Malek's Law: Any simple idea will be worded in the most complicated way.
Any simple theory will be worded in the most complicated way.
Barr's Inertial Principle: Asking scientists to revise their theory is like asking cops to revise the law.
Bassagordian's Basic Principle and Ultimate Axiom: By definition, when you are investigating the unknown, you do not know what you will find or even when you have found it.
Bowie's Theorem: If an experiment works, you must be using the wrong equipment.
Campbell's Law: Nature abhors a vacuous experimenter.
Darwin's Law: Nature will tell you a direct lie if she can.
Discovery: A couple of months in the laboratory can frequently save a couple of hours in the library.
Eddington's Theory: The number of different hypotheses erected to explain a given biological phenomenon is inversely proportional to the available knowledge.
Einstein's Observation: Inasmuch as the mathematical theorems are related to reality, they are not sure; inasmuch as they are sure, they are not related to reality.
Felson's Law: To steal ideas from one person is plagiarism; to steal from many is research.
Fett's Law of the Lab: Never replicate a successful experiment.
Finagle's Creed: Science is Truth. Don't be misled by facts.
Mark Twain's Rule: Only kings, editors, and people with tapeworms have the right to use the editorial 'we.'
Murphy's Societal Axiom: There is nothing more dangerous than good intentions combined with stupidity.
Murphy's Statement on the Power of Negative Thinking: It is impossible for an optimist to be pleasantly surprised.
Never do card tricks for the group you play poker with.
Never judge a man till you have walked a mile in his shoes, 'cuz by then, he's a mile away, you've got his shoes, and you can say whatever the hell you want to.
Newberry's Observation: The universal aptitude for ineptitude makes any human accomplishment an incredible miracle.
Nolan's Observation: The difference between smart people and dumb people isn't that smart people don't make mistakes. They just don't keep making the same mistake over and over again.
Nolan's Placebo: An ounce of image is worth a pound of performance.
Nothing is fool-proof to a sufficiently talented fool.
Nothing is impossible for anyone impervious to reason
Weinberg's Corollary An expert is a person who avoids the small errors while sweeping on to the grand fallacy.
Westheimer's Rule To estimate the time it takes to do a task: estimate the time you think it should take, multiply by 2, and change the unit of measure to the next highest unit. Thus we allocate 2 days for a one hour task.
